c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\obj\Debug\MobileApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\MobileApi.dll.config
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\MobileApi.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\MobileApi.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\obj\Debug\MobileApi.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\obj\Debug\MobileApi.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\EntityFramework6.Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Humanizer.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\Humanizer.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\af\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ar\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\bg\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\bn-BD\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\cs\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\da\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\de\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\el\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\es\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\fa\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\fi-FI\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\fr\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\fr-BE\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\he\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\hr\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\hu\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\id\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\it\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ja\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\nb\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\nb-NO\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\nl\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\pl\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\pt\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ro\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ru\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\sk\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\sl\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\sr\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\sr-Latn\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\sv\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\tr\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\uk\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\uz-Cyrl-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\uz-Latn-UZ\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\vi\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\zh-CN\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\zh-Hans\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\zh-Hant\Humanizer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ImageResizer.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\bin\ImageResizer.xml
C:\Users\Tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\obj\Debug\MobileApi.Migrations.Pumas.resources
C:\Users\Tim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileApi\MobileApi\obj\Debug\MobileApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
